Rephrase to avoid obscure term (use active voice) (#13451)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/first_steps/a_first_splash/index.md

### Events

> At this point we have a nicely implemented `checkGuess()` function, but it won't do anything because we haven't called it yet. Ideally we want to call it when the "Submit guess" button is pressed, and to do this we need to use an **event**. Events are things that happen in the browser — a button being clicked, a page loading, a video playing, etc. — in response to which we can run blocks of code. The constructor that listens out for the event happening are called **event listeners**, and the blocks of code that run in response to the event firing are called **event handlers**.

Reviewer: The original text is correct: something is listening and it calls it _constructs_. This word is obscure, but what is listening is not a _constructor_. 

Let's try avoiding the passive form here:
```suggestion
At this point, we have a nicely implemented `checkGuess()` function, but it won't do anything because we haven't called it yet. Ideally, we want to call it when the "Submit guess" button is pressed, and to do this we need to use an **event**. Events are things that happen in the browser — a button being clicked, a page loading, a video playing, etc. — in response to which we can run blocks of code. **Event listeners** observe specific events, and call **event handlers**, which are blocks of code that run in response to the event firing.
```

Reviewer 2: Oh I completely mistook it!
